removes bad link and corrects SIEM utilities (#446)
logzio/logz-docs: _source/user-guide/cloud-siem/index.md

click the Logz.io logo (upper left corner),
and then click **Security**.

## Products supported by Cloud SIEM

> Logz.io's security team writes security rules for the following security products, VPNs, firewalls, etc. 

Author: @smadarp  - Is this change acceptable? Thanks

> Logz.io's security team writes security rules for the following security products, VPNs, firewalls, etc. 

Author: ```suggestion
Logz.io provides security rules and dashboards for the following security products:  
```
